Better Package Style layout (#71)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/guidelines/test_practices.rst

For consistency, PyAnsys tools and libraries should use either the `unittest
<https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.html>`_ or `pytest
<https://docs.pytest.org/>`_ frameworks for unit testing. As described in

> :ref:`Required Files for a PyAnsys Project`, unit tests should be placed into the ``tests``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Required Files for a PyAnsys Project`, unit tests should be placed in the ``tests``
```

> :ref:`Required Files for a PyAnsys Project`, unit tests should be placed into the ``tests``
> directory in the root directory of the library::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Required Files for a PyAnsys Project`, unit tests should be placed in the ``tests``
directory in the library's root directory::
```
